README.md, before:

Universal Kriging for CMAQ
==========================

    author: Barron H. Henderson
    date: 2020-02-01

Overview
--------

Apply Universal Krigging as implemented in `pykrige` to CMAQ fields. Here, I
allow the UK to be optimized in subdomains and then reconstruct a complete
surface. In addition to spatial subdomains, I use a urban/rural division as
well.

* `yhat = m CMAQ + b`
    * `CMAQ` : CMAQ concentrations in ppb
    * `m`, `b` : parameters fit by scipy.stats.linregress where y is
                 AQS 1st maximum 8-hour average ozone
    * `yhat` : estimate based on CMAQ
    * `e` : `e = obs - yhat`; bias that is assumed to have spatial correlation

* `UK_ERROR = Krig(e)`
* `UK_TOTAL = yhat + UK_ERROR`


Annotated Directory Structure
-----------------------------

```
.
|-- README.md
|-- config.json
|   # Fitting parameters and spatial domain splitting parameters
|-- scripts
|   |-- cmaq_uk.py
|   |   # Work horse: applies universal krigging to partial domains:
|   |   # East (E) or West (W), North (N) or South (S), Urban (U) or Rural (R)
|   |-- loadobs.py
|   |   # easy access to AQS datasets, used by cmaq_uk.py
|   |-- blend.py
|   |   # Create a composite surface from East/West, North/South, Urban/Rural
|   `-- fitting.py
|       # not complete. Ideally, optimize UK settings for application to domains
|-- input/
|   |-- daily_44201_20160715.zip
|   |   # subset of AQS; right now not part of repository
|   `-- CMAQ.20160715.nc
|       # subset of CMAQ? right now not part of repository
``-- output
    |-- UK.<YYYYMMDD>.<querykey>.nc
    |   # outputs from cmaq_uk.py 
    |   # template where
    |   #  * YYYYMMDD is the date
    |   #  * querykey in: (EN|ES|WN|WS|ALL)_(URB|RUR|BOTH)
    `-- UK.YYYYMMDD.FUSED.<querykey>.nc where 
        # outputs from blend.py
        # where querykey in ALL_URB, ALL_RUR, oroutputs from blend.py
```

Commit message:

clarifying status
update README to clarify status.

README.md, after:

Universal Kriging for CMAQ
==========================

    author: Barron H. Henderson
    date: 2020-02-01


Status
------

Under active development and testing. Not ready for outside use.

Overview
--------

Apply Universal Krigging as implemented in `pykrige` to CMAQ fields. Here, I
allow the UK to be optimized in subdomains and then reconstruct a complete
surface. In addition to spatial subdomains, I use a urban/rural division as
well.

* `yhat = m CMAQ + b`
    * `CMAQ` : CMAQ concentrations in ppb
    * `m`, `b` : parameters fit by scipy.stats.linregress where y is
                 AQS 1st maximum 8-hour average ozone
    * `yhat` : estimate based on CMAQ
    * `e` : `e = obs - yhat`; bias that is assumed to have spatial correlation

* `UK_ERROR = Krig(e)`
* `UK_TOTAL = yhat + UK_ERROR`


Annotated Directory Structure
-----------------------------

```
.
|-- README.md
|-- config.json
|   # Fitting parameters and spatial domain splitting parameters
|-- scripts
|   |-- cmaq_uk.py
|   |   # Work horse: applies universal krigging to partial domains:
|   |   # East (E) or West (W), North (N) or South (S), Urban (U) or Rural (R)
|   |-- loadobs.py
|   |   # easy access to AQS datasets, used by cmaq_uk.py
|   |-- blend.py
|   |   # Create a composite surface from East/West, North/South, Urban/Rural
|   `-- fitting.py
|       # not complete. Ideally, optimize UK settings for application to domains
|-- input/
|   |-- daily_44201_20160715.zip
|   |   # subset of AQS; right now not part of repository
|   `-- CMAQ.20160715.nc
|       # subset of CMAQ? right now not part of repository
``-- output
    |-- UK.<YYYYMMDD>.<querykey>.nc
    |   # outputs from cmaq_uk.py 
    |   # template where
    |   #  * YYYYMMDD is the date
    |   #  * querykey in: (EN|ES|WN|WS|ALL)_(URB|RUR|BOTH)
    `-- UK.YYYYMMDD.FUSED.<querykey>.nc where 
        # outputs from blend.py
        # where querykey in ALL_URB, ALL_RUR, oroutputs from blend.py
```
